ChangeOpBasis Callables (#9163)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * `qml.change_op_basis` now supports :class:`qml.templates.core.Subroutine` and other `Callable` arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for :class:`qml.templates.core.Subroutine` and other `Callable` arguments to `qml.change_op_basis`.
```
